fix(chat): add roles into session and add possibility to access roles for any path (#1971) (#1983)
epam/ai-dial-chat: apps/chat/README.md

| `ADMIN_ROLE_NAMES`                  |    No    | Defines the name of the administrator role                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Any string. Values must be separated by a comma.                                                 | `admin`                                                                                                                            |

> | `DIAL_ROLES_FIELD`                  |    No    | Defines the path of the roles field in JWT token                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Any string. Values must be separated by a dot.                                                   | `realm_access.roles`                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DIAL_ROLES_FIELD`                  |    No    | Defines the path of the roles field in JWT token                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Any string. Value can be period-separated. E.g. path `realm_access.roles` if there is a claim `realm_access: { roles: ['admin'] }`                                                   | `dial_roles`                                                                                                               |
```
